New project for HashiCorp Vault (#1419)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/hashicorp-vault.md

---
title: Vault

> permalink: /hashicorp-vault

Reviewer: We can use /vault as an alternate URL to provide an easy to use shortlink (endoflife.date/vault). In case this does become ambiguous in the future, we can always remove the redirect or add a second page)

Author: I applied the suggested change

category: server-app
iconSlug: vault
releasePolicyLink: https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/articles/360021185113
sortReleasesBy: releaseDate
changelogTemplate: https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/blob/v__LATEST__/CHANGELOG.md
auto:
-   git: https://github.com/hashicorp/vault.git
activeSupportColumn: false
releaseDateColumn: true
versionCommand: vault --version

releases:
-   releaseCycle: "1.11"
    eol: false
    latest: "1.11.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-07-21
    releaseDate: 2022-07-21
-   releaseCycle: "1.10"
    eol: false
    latest: "1.10.5"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-07-21
    releaseDate: 2022-03-23
-   releaseCycle: "1.9"
    eol: false
    latest: "1.9.8"
    latestReleaseDate: 2022-07-21
    releaseDate: 2021-11-17

---

> > [Hashicorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) manages secrets and protects sensitive data. Secure, store and tightly control access to tokens, passwords, certificates, encryption keys for protecting secrets and other sensitive data using a UI, CLI, or HTTP API.

Reviewer: Using content from the README instead to maintain the tone:

```suggestion
> [Hashicorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) is a tool for securely accessing secrets. It provides a unified interface to any secret, while providing tight access control and recording a detailed audit log.
```
